Heart disease is
the No. 1 cause
of death in both men
and women globally
and claims more lives than
all forms of cancer combined.
Cardiac arrest may be caused
by almost any known heart
condition and is often
fatal if appropriate steps
aren't taken immediately.
Cardiac arrest does
not discriminate.
It can affect all ages,
genders, nationalities,
and races.
This is why early recognition
and immediate cardiopulmonary
resuscitation, or CPR, are crucial
for survival from cardiac arrest.
Healthcare providers are the
backbone of the systems of care,
in both the community and
medical facilities.
Advanced rescue measures cannot
be successful on their own
without solid basic
life support, or BLS.
This training will guide you
through the key practices
of high-quality BLS.
Products are shown for
demonstration purposes only.
Heart & Stroke does not
endorse or recommend
any specific
manufacturer or product.
In order to show skills
clearly, the healthcare
providers in this
video do not always
use recommended personal
protective equipment,
such as gloves.
Heart & Stroke recognises that heart disease
and stroke is the number one
cause of premature death in woman
in Canada
However,
skills in this video
will be demonstrated
on male victims
to respect cultural awareness
and sensitivity.